_pages/contact.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Contact
image: 02.jpg
permalink: /contact/
---

### You probably * don't * want to contact me if

- You're looking for an audit or other checklist assessment. I look to provide
more than just a report.
- You need forensic, incident response, or physical security services. Not my
expertise.
- You want an engagement lasting longer than 2-3 weeks at a time. I prefer
short, high impact and time boxed work.
- You need a large amount of secure software development. I love hacking stuff
together, but I'm not the right person for a large dev project
- You want something hacked that you don't explicitly own and have permission to
test.

### You probably * do * want to contact me if

- You want a meaningful assessment of your software's security posture
- You want to know what assets you have exposed to the Internet
- You want feedback on the design and execution of your SDLC or AppSec/ProdSec team
- You want to educate your software developers on how to write more secure code
- You want to train your security engineers on tools and methodology
- You have a small AppSec related project

---

Got something in mind?

### Email [jon@barbersec.com](mailto:jon@barbersec.com)

or

### DM [@bonjarber](https://twitter.com/bonjarber) on Twitter

Commit message:

Fixed up some design, added GA ID, and made some additional copy edits

_pages/contact.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Contact
image: 02.jpg
permalink: /contact/
---

### Don't contact me if

- You're looking for an audit or other checklist assessment. I look to provide
more than just a report full of check marks.
- You need forensic, incident response, or physical security services. Not my
expertise.
- You want an engagement lasting longer than 2-3 weeks at a time. I prefer
short, high impact and time boxed work.
- You need a large amount of secure software development. I love hacking stuff
together, but I'm not the right person for a large dev project
- You want something hacked that you don't explicitly own and have permission to
test.

### Do contact me if

- You want to identify impactful flaws and vulnerabilities in your code or applications
- You want a meaningful assessment of your application's strengths and weaknesses
- You want to educate your software developers on how to write more secure code
- You want to train your engineers on security tooling and methodologies

---

Currently taking on new clients for January and February 2020!

### Email [jon@barbersec.com](mailto:jon@barbersec.com)

or

### DM [@bonjarber](https://twitter.com/bonjarber) on Twitter
